Add page about Query Log Analyzer (#382)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/logging/query-log-analyzer.adoc

=== Filters

To filter, click the filter button.
This will load the available filters over the selected time period. 
Filters are available for the following fields:

* Status
* User
* Driver
* Application
* Initiation type

=== Search

To search, click the search button. 
Search can be specified for the *Query text* and the *Error text*.
The fields are case insensitive and allows you to find specific queries or error that are interesting.  

== Table interactions

=== Sort table

By default the table will be sorted on *Count* for *Summary* and *Status* for *Details*.
To sort by a column (such as Max Time ms) click on the column heading.

=== Modify columns

The columns in the table can be modified by clicking the button to the right of the column row.
Columns can be enabled or disabled, or the order changed using the grid icon at the top right of the table.

=== Expand query

In the table three rows of query text will be shown. 
To see the whole query if the query is longer, press the *View more* button under the query text.

== Limitations

* Query logs are available for a period of 7 days, and each request can be for up to 24 hours of data.

> * The Query timeline may show activity from internal meta queries, which are filtered in the table.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The query timeline may show activity from internal meta queries, which are filtered in the table.  
```

[[aura-monitoring]]
= Query log analyzer

label:AuraDB-Professional[]
label:AuraDB-Enterprise[]

Query log analyzer is a feature that provides a UI to review the queries executed on an Aura instance.

To access *Query log analyzer*:

. Navigate to the https://console.neo4j.io/?product=aura-db[Neo4j Aura Console] in your browser.
. Select the instance you want to access.
. Select the *Logs* tab.
. Select the *Query log analyzer* button.

Query log analyzer is split up in two parts, a timeline and a table with two tabs:

* *Query timeline* - Timeline showing metrics for number of queries, failed queries and query latency.
* *Summary* - An aggregated view of query logs, giving a high level overview over the selected time period.

> * *Details* - A detailed view showing individual query execution in the selected time period. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Details* - A detailed view showing individual query executions in the selected time period. 
```

> To fetch logs first choose a time range in the Query timeline. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch logs, first choose a time range in the Query timeline. 
```

With a time selection done, press the *Fetch logs* button. 
You may optionally choose any filters or search text if required, then press *Go*.

A summary of query executions is returned, showing aggregations per query.
To see the individual query executions, click the right arrow at the end of the line to show details for that query.
The details pane shows individual executions.

> == Chart interactions

Reviewer: Should we mention that the entire chart can be collapsed to give more screen estate to the table? 🤔

When viewing the query timeline, you can select from the following time intervals:

* 30 minutes
* Last hour
* Last 2 hours
* Last 6 hours
* Last 24 hours
* Last 3 days
* Last week

=== Zoom

To zoom in to a narrower time interval, select and drag inside any chart to select your desired time interval.

> The data will automatically update to match the increased resolution.

Reviewer: Maybe somehow clarify that this is true for the chart data, but not the table data

> To update the table, a new request would be required with the *Fetch logs* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the table, click the *Fetch logs* button.
```

Current wording sounds a bit clunky.

To reset zoom, double-click anywhere inside the chart.

=== Toggle data series

To hide or show individual data series, select the corresponding data series in the legend below the chart.

== Table interactions

=== Sort table

By default the table will be sorted on *Count* for *Summary* and *Status* for *Details*.
To sort by a column (such as Max Time ms) click on the column heading.

=== Modify columns

The columns in the table can be modified by clicking the button to the right of the column row.

> Columns can be [en|dis]abled or the order changed using the grid icon at the top right of the table.

Reviewer: > [en|dis]abled

I couldn't find a specific example, but I don't believe this type of short form adheres to the editorial style guide.
